hey everyone its Ashlee um and today I
have a special guest with me today we
are going to be reviewing kinetic sand
and this stands alive and I have a
special guest with me today hi guys it's
Claire for love Claire me and Ashley are
doing a collab today and on over on my
channel we are going to be doing a
sewing the video so go check that out so
first we have this kinetic sand let's
check it out but it's purple and sparkly
and it's we're gonna split it in half
and so first we're gonna cut it in half
or try to yes okay so we each got our
own things of sand we're gonna like this
scribe so it's really scratchy um it's
kind of rough but it's actually very
satisfying to play with cuz you can like
mold it into things it doesn't leave
much residue it leaves a little bit of
sparkles on your hands but that's not
that bad so uh it's got its really dry
and Scratchy wait listen
yeah on the paper it's just kind of but
it's very fun to play with I have to
admit it's very satisfied I can
literally play with this for hours this
isn't one of the smoothest kinetic
stands I played with before but it's
really sparkly and pretty so I guess
that makes up for the color tip before
we do this I have to say none of these
items are sponsored whatsoever
none of my videos are ever sponsor about
anything but if you would sponsor that
me awesome
anyway yeah these two Zients are not
sponsored whatsoever so yeah anyway step
up we have sands alive which is a softer
version of kinetic sand as you can see
this is white it's very soft we're going
to basil please take it out of the pan
go ahead cut it in half sort of my arms
of your position
okay each Betty it almost looks like
it's like cracked at the top but it's
very very soft it's extremely soft this
is so fluffy but it's a narrow south of
the paper clear to the other one very
different it's extremely fluffy it's
like touching on melting mush and a
little s Banaszak
if it falls apart in your hands but it
molds pretty well it's pretty sticky
actually it leaves a lot of sand on your
hands the only problem with this is yes
it leaves a lot of sand on your head
kinetic sand does not leave as much
residue as this stuff because this and
you can see on the table we're just like
it's in a crumbled mess right now but
this is so satisfying to play with but
at the same time I have to wash my hands
like right after this because it gets
all over your hand it feels so much so I
want to play like I said before connects
and she's been playing the same lives
stuff and so first we're going to test
molding it
she already molded hers into a thing
we're gonna destroy that so mine was
already in this pot and I'm taking it
back so we're both gonna mold them into
circles and see which one stands up
better
so just take on consumers and make it
into the circle
this one doesn't like growing it just
kind of turns into a flat pancake um it
does yeah it doesn't hold up much at all
that's what I've noticed um how to make
the cute pancake yep so obviously the
winner for molding is the kinetic scene
because it is more intact and the other
one is more like fluffier so I want to
thank you guys for watching this video
hope you enjoyed this and it's really
really satisfying if you could if you
guys could touch it in real life that
would be awesome cuz it really is really
cool anyway please subscribe to my
friend love player and have a great day